docs: [FC-0074] add docs about creating new filters with pipeline steps (#242)
openedx/openedx-filters: docs/reference/architecture-subdomains.rst

Architecture Subdomains
=======================

Currently, these are the `architecture subdomains`_ used by the Open edX Events library:

+-------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Subdomain name    | Description                                                                                        |
+===================+====================================================================================================+
| Content Authoring | Allows educators to create, modify, package, annotate (tag), and share learning content.           |
+-------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Learning          | Allows learners to consume content and perform actions in a learning activity on the platform.     |
+-------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Analytics         | Provides insights into learner behavior and course performance.                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Analytics         | A look into learner behavior and course performance.                                    |
```

I don't love this but I think you should avoid using "insights" to not confuse with Insights, the deprecated analytics product.

Author: I used "visbility" instead of insights, what do you think?
